Sois reconnaissant de ce que tu as, tu en auras plus. Si tu te concentres sur ce que tu n'as pas, tu n'en auras jamais assez. | Oprah Winfrey
Nous ne pouvons pas devenir ce que nous voulons être en restant ce que nous sommes. | Oprah Winfrey
On n'obtient pas ce qu'on veut, on obtient ce en quoi on croit. | Oprah Winfrey
Il nous arrive parfois d'être concentrés sur la difficulté de notre ascension au point de perdre de vue la nécessité de nous montrer reconnaissants pour le simple fait d'avoir une montagne à escalader. | Oprah Winfrey
Your life is your story, and the adventure ahead of you is the journey to fulfill your own purpose and potential. | Kerry Washington
Le succès, c'est vous aimer vous-mêmes, c'est aimer ce que vous faites, et c'est aimer comment vous le faites. | Maya Angelou
Le monde te verra de la même façon que tu te vois, et te traitera de la même façon que tu te traites. | Beyonce Knowles
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. | Nelson Mandela
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. | Nelson Mandela
Everyone can rise above their circumstances and achieve success if they are dedicated to and passionate about what they do. | Nelson Mandela
It always seems impossible until it's done. | Nelson Mandela
Do not judge me by my successes, judge me by how many times I fell down and got back up again. | Nelson Mandela
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will. | Nelson Mandela
The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don't wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope. | Barack Obama
Don't be so hard on yourself. Be perfectly okay with being who YOU are. Fully embrace yourself, flaws and all. Love yourself right where you are. Strive to do better, but don't beat yourself up for every shortcoming that you may have. Be brave in your journey! Hold your head up high, and keep moving forward. | Stephanie Lahart
Black, intelligent, and educated... Now that's POWER. | Stephanie Lahart
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today. | Malcom X
Our lives begin to end when we become silent about things that matter. | Martin Luther King Jr.
You must be willing to do things today others won't do, in order to have the things tomorrow others won't have. | Les Brown
I really believe that if I want something, God has three answers. It's either yes; Yes but not right now; or No, because I have something better in store for you. | Kerry Washington
I realised that I don't have to be perfect. All I have to do is show up and enjoy the messy, imperfect and beautiful journey of my life. | Kerry Washington
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life | Les Brown
Stop making excuses; you're the only one stopping you | Issa Rae
Stop finding the ways that you can't do something and find all the ways that you can and just go for it. | Issa Rae
Stop trying to impress people by being someone you're not | Issa Rae
I found that every time I asked for permission the answer tended to be no, so I had to make my own yeses. | Issa Rae
Your dream was given to you. If someone else can't see it for you, that's fine, it was given to you and not them. It's your dream. Hold it. Nourish it. Cultivate it! | Les Brown
Tell yourself that if it's hard, I'll do it hard. I'm unstoppable! | Les Brown
It really doesn't matter what's going on right now. The only thing that matters is what you're going to do about it. Do something powerful! | Les Brown
Leave energy drainers alone. Don't let them slow you down and stop your dream. Your possibilities are too important. | Les Brown
You are the only real obstacle in your path to a fulfilling life. | Les Brown
Life is a fight for territory and once you stop fighting for what you want, what you don't want will automatically take over. | Les Brown
No one will take better care of your dream than you. | Les Brown
It's necessary to know that everybody won't see it. That everybody won't join you, that everybody won't have the vision. It's necessary to know that. That a lot of people like to complain but they don't want to do anything about their situation. That you are UNCOMMON breed. | Les Brown
If you want to begin to alter your circumstance and alter your life, it's very important that you begin to change your attitude about yourself. | Les Brown
Don't waste time bathing in the negative experience. Spin your energy and focus your attention on moving on. | Les Brown
Make change a tool for your success. Let it happen, and celebrate the possibilities | Les Brown
What you have right now in your life is a reflection of your thoughts. Start by controlling your thoughts. We can't control the thoughts that come into our mind but we can control what we dwell on. Start dwelling on the positive things in your life. | Les Brown
If you run around with 9 losers pretty soon you'll be the 10th one. | Les Brown
Set a goal that's meaningful and compelling enough, and your skills, your knowledge and your effectiveness will expand in order to reach that goal. | Les Brown
Think big when you set your goals. Dare to think big and then set a series of smaller goals to get you there. | Les Brown
The fact is, discipline is only punishment when imposed on you by someone else. When you discipline yourself, it's not punishment but empowerment. | Les Brown
No matter what happens, no matter how far you seem to be away from where you want to be, never stop believing that you will somehow make it. | Les Brown
If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you. | Les Brown
Most people fail in life not because they aim too high and miss, but because they aim too low and hit. | Les Brown
In the World through which I travel, I am endlessly creating myself. | Frantz Fanon
For a colonized people the most essential value, because the most concrete, is first and foremost the land: the land which will bring them bread and, above all, dignity. | Frantz Fanon - The Wretched of the Earth
Violence is man re-creating himself. | Frantz Fanon
They realize at last that change does not mean reform, that change does not mean improvement. | Frantz Fanon - The Wretched of the Earth
Mais empêche moi de rêver, moi je t'empêcherai de dormir. | Youssoupha
Vieillir est obligatoire, mais grandir est un choix. | Youssoupha
Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening. | Nelson Mandela
One of the most difficult things is not to change society — but to change yourself. | Nelson Mandela
Difficulties break some men but make others. No axe is sharp enough to cut the soul of a sinner who keeps on trying, one armed with the hope that he will rise even in the end. | Nelson Mandela
Everyone can rise above their circumstances and achieve success if they are dedicated to and passionate about what they do. | Nelson Mandela
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up. | Nelson Mandela
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. | Nelson Mandela
To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others. | Nelson Mandela
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart. | Nelson Mandela
Part of being optimistic is keeping one's head pointed toward the sun, one's feet moving forward. There were many dark moments when my faith in humanity was sorely tested, but I would not and could not give myself up to despair. That way lays defeat and death. | Nelson Mandela
There is no passion to be found playing small, in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. | Nelson Mandela
It always seems impossible until it's done. | Nelson Mandela
No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite. | Nelson Mandela
Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies. | Nelson Mandela
I never lose. I either win or learn. | Nelson Mandela
Your playing small does not serve the world. Who are you not to be great? | Nelson Mandela
As we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. | Nelson Mandela
May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears. | Nelson Mandela
The greatest glory in living is not in falling, but in rising every time we fall. | Nelson Mandela
I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul. | William Ernest Henley
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. | Nelson Mandela
Action without vision is only passing time, vision without action is merely day dreaming, but vision with action can change the world. | Nelson Mandela
Poverty is not an accident. Like slavery and apartheid, it is man-made and can be removed by the actions of human beings.. | Nelson Mandela
Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace. | Nelson Mandela
People respond in accordance to how you treat them. | Nelson Mandela
If you stick a knife in my back nine inches and pull it out six inches, there's no progress. If you pull it all the way out that's not progress. Progress is healing the wound that the blow made. | Malcom X
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today. | Malcom X
When a person places the proper value on freedom, there is nothing under the sun that he will not do to acquire that freedom. Whenever you hear a man saying he wants freedom, but in the next breath he is going to tell you what he won't do to get it, or what he doesn't believe in doing in order to get it, he doesn't believe in freedom. A man who believes in freedom will do anything under the sun to acquire... or preserve his freedom. | Malcom X
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. | Martin Luther King Jr.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. | Martin Luther King Jr.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. | Harriet Tubman
Don't ever stop. Keep going. If you want a taste of freedom, keep going. | Harriet Tubman
Never wound a snake; kill it. | Harriet Tubman
I knew then and I know now that, when it comes to justice, there is no easy way to get it. You can't sugarcoat it, You have to take a stand and say, 'This is not right.' | Claudette Colvin
You have to act as if it were possible to radically transform the world. And you have to do it all the time. | Angela Davis
The process of empowerment cannot be simplistically defined in accordance with our own particular class interests. We must learn to lift as we climb. | Angela Davis
I'm no longer accepting the things I cannot change; I'm changing the things I cannot accept. | Angela Davis
If we do not know how to meaningfully talk about racism, our actions will move in misleading directions. | Angela Davis
It is in collectivities that we find reservoirs of hope and optimism. | Angela Davis
Jails and prisons are designed to break human beings, to convert the population into specimens in a zoo – obedient to our keepers, but dangerous to each other. | Angela Davis
It is easy to feel discouraged and simply let go. There is no shame in that. We are, after all, engaged in a struggle that seems, if we look at it using a mainstream political framework and through a mass media prism, unwinnable. On the other hand, if we take a step back, look at things from a broader angle, reflecting on what is happening all over the world and the history of struggle, the history of solidarity movements, it becomes clear, sometimes even obvious, that seemingly indestructible forces can be, thanks to people's willpower, sacrifices, and actions, easily broken. | Angela Davis
To understand how any society functions you must understand the relationship between the men and the women. | Angela Davis
It is the mind that makes the body. | Sojourner Truth
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. | Maya Angelou
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. | Maya Angelou
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. | Maya Angelou
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. | Maya Angelou
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. | Maya Angelou
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope. | Maya Angelou
You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them. | Maya Angelou
If I am not good to myself, how can I expect anyone else to be good to me? | Maya Angelou
Without courage we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We can't be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest. | Maya Angelou
If you're always trying to be normal you will never know how amazing you can be. | Maya Angelou
Seek patience and passion in equal amounts. Patience alone will not build the temple. Passion alone will destroy its walls. | Maya Angelou
Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option. | Maya Angelou
A wise woman wishes to be no one's enemy; a wise woman refuses to be anyone's victim. | Maya Angelou
You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have. | Maya Angelou
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. | Maya Angelou
Hate, it has caused a lot of problems in the world, but has not solved one yet. | Maya Angelou
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time. | Maya Angelou
I respect myself and insist upon it from everybody. And because I do it, I then respect everybody, too. | Maya Angelou
I work very hard, and I play very hard. I'm grateful for life. And I live it – I believe life loves the liver of it. I live it. | Maya Angelou
Whatever you want to do, if you want to be great at it, you have to love it and be able to make sacrifices for it. | Maya Angelou
Courage – you develop courage by doing small things like just as if you wouldn't want to pick up a 100-pound weight without preparing yourself. | Maya Angelou
Quand un nègre prêche l'estime de soi, l'amour de ses semblables, l'impérialisme appelle cela de la haine, sans doute parce que notre peuple a été programmé par l'oligarchie à aimer tout le monde à l'exception de lui-même. | Kemi Seba
Si un homme blanc veut me lyncher, c'est son problème. S'il a le pouvoir de me lyncher, c'est mon problème. Le racisme n'est pas une question d'attitude, c'est une question de pouvoir. | Stokely Carmichael
l'africain de demain c'est celui qui est capable de proposer et non simplement de s'opposer. | Kemi Seba
You can't be hesitant about who you are. | Viola Davis
There's no prerequisites to worthiness. You're born worthy, and I think that's a message a lot of women need to hear. | Viola Davis
What do you want? What do you want your life to be? What do you want your testimony to be? Go for it! | Viola Davis
I tell my daughter every morning, 'Now, what are the two most important parts of you?' And she says, 'My head and my heart. Because that's what I've learned in the foxhole: What gets you through life is strength of character and strength of spirit and love. | Viola Davis
You can't be hesitant about who you are. | Viola Davis
Trust me, you can't change anything without causing some degree of disruption. It's impossible, that is exactly what change is. Some people are uncomfortable with the disruption that change causes, but the disruption is necessary if anything is going to change. | Afeni Shakur
Anger is an all-consuming fire that will burn you and everyone else around you. Where is the justice in that? | Afeni Shakur
I guarantee that the seed you plant in love, not matter how small, will grow into a mighty tree of refuge. We all want a future for ourselves and we must now care enough to create, nurture and secure a future for our children. | Afeni Shakur
Life's a test, mistakes are lessons, but the gift of life is knowing that you have made a difference. | Tupac Shakur
If you let a person talk long enough you'll hear their true intentions. Listen twice, speak once. | Tupac Shakur
Life give to you what you gave to it. So give your best. | Tupac Shakur
Nobody in the world, nobody in history, has ever gotten their freedom by appealing to the moral sense of the people who were oppressing them. | Assata Shakur
We need to be weapons of mass construction, weapons of mass love. It's not enough just to change the system. We need to change ourselves. | Assata Shakur
No one is going to give you the education you need to overthrow them. Nobody is going to teach you your true history, teach you your true heroes, if they know that that knowledge will help set you free. | Assata Shakur
Only a fool lets somebody else tell him who his enemy is....never let your enemies choose your enemies for you. | Assata Shakur
Only the strong go crazy. The weak just go along. | Assata Shakur
The usual way the people are taught to think is that each subject is in a little compartment and has no relation to any other subject. For the most part, we receive fragments of unrelated knowledge, and our education follows no logical format or pattern. It is exactly this kind of education that produces people who don't have the ability to think for themselves and who are easily manipulated. | Assata Shakur
No one is going to give you the education you need to overthrow them. | Assata Shakur
Imperialism is the underlying motor of racism. The underlying reason that racism keeps on being promoted in all of its various forms. | Assata Shakur
Stay far from timid only make moves when you're heart's in it, and live the phrase the sky's the limit. | Notorious BIG
I came in to win, you know. This is why I stay up late while other people are sleeping. | Puff Daddy
Don't be afraid to close your eyes and dream, but then open your eyes and see. | Puff Daddy
Don't chase the paper, chase the dream. | Puff Daddy
I think that you have to believe. That's one of my biggest mantras, is believe. I wouldn't be here if I didn't believe in myself. | Puff Daddy
Intelligence plus character — that is the goal of true education. | Martin Luther King Jr.
The time is always right to do what is right. | Martin Luther King Jr.
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward. | Martin Luther King Jr.
Qui a planté un arbre n'a pas vécu inutilement. | Proverbe africain
L'amour ne se chante point, il se vit. | Proverbe africain
Chaque rivière a sa propre source. | Proverbe africain
Le chameau ne voit pas sa bosse. | Proverbe africain
Même la nuit, le lait est blanc. | Proverbe africain
Qui s'instruit sans agir laboure sans semer. | Proverbe africain
Une main toute seule ne peut pas applaudir. | Proverbe africain
Le grillon tient dans le creux de la main, mais on l'entend dans toute la prairie. | Proverbe africain
Lorsque tu ne sais pas où tu vas, regarde d'où tu viens. | Proverbe africain
Le soleil n'ignore pas un village parce qu'il est petit. | Proverbe africain
L'arbre qui tombe fait plus de bruit que la forêt qui pousse. | Proverbe africain
Ne jette pas l'eau de ta jarre parce que la pluie s'annonce. | Proverbe africain
On ne peut pas peindre du blanc sur du blanc, du noir sur du noir. Chacun a besoin de l'autre pour se révéler. | Proverbe africain
Si tu veux aller vite, marche seul mais si tu veux aller loin, marchons ensemble. | Proverbe africain
N'insultez pas le crocodile lorsque vos pieds sont encore dans l'eau. | Proverbe africain
Si tu es riche mais point généreux, c'est comme si tu n'avais rien. | Proverbe africain
On ne tire pas sur une fleur pour la faire pousser. On l'arrose et on la regarde grandir... patiemment. | Proverbe africain
Un homme sans culture ressemble à un zèbre sans rayures. | Proverbe africain
Do what you have to do, to do what you want to do. | Denzel Washington
I say luck is when an opportunity comes along and you're prepared for it. | Denzel Washington
So you never know who you touch. You never know how or when you'll have an impact, or how important your example can be to someone else. | Denzel Washington
The chances you take, the people you meet, the people you love, the faith that you have. That's what's going to define you. | Denzel Washington
At the end of the day, it's not about what you have or even what you've accomplished. It's about what you've done with those accomplishments. It's about who you've lifted up, who you've made better. It's about what you've given back. | Denzel Washington
If I am a cup maker, I'm interested in making the best cup I possibly can. My effort goes into that cup, not what people think about it. | Denzel Washington
You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read. | James Baldwin
Hatred, which could destroy so much, never failed to destroy the man who hated, and this was an immutable law. | James Baldwin
The most dangerous creation of any society is the man who has nothing to lose. | James Baldwin
Anyone who has ever struggled with poverty knows how extremely expensive it is to be poor. | James Baldwin
Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them. | James Baldwin
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. | James Baldwin
You have to decide who you are and force the world to deal with you, not with its idea of you. | James Baldwin
Love Him and let Him love you. Do you think anything else under heaven really matters? | James Baldwin
The purpose of education is to create in a person the ability to look at the world for himself, to make his own decisions. | James Baldwin
Precisely at the point when you begin to develop a conscience, you must find yourself at war with your society. | James Baldwin
Perhaps home is not a place but simply an irrevocable condition. | James Baldwin
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. | Barack Obama
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on. | Barack Obama
We did not come to fear the future, we're here to change it. | Barack Obama
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence. | Frederick Douglass
Knowledge makes a man unfit to be a slave. | Frederick Douglass
Without a struggle, there can be no progress. | Frederick Douglass
People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get. | Frederick Douglass
It is not light that we need, but fire; it is not the gentle shower, but thunder. We need the storm, the whirlwind, and the earthquake. | Frederick Douglass
It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men. | Frederick Douglass
A smile or a tear has no nationality; joy and sorrow speak alike to all nations, and they, above all the confusion of tongues, proclaim the brotherhood of man. | Frederick Douglass
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground. They want rain without thunder and lightning. | Frederick Douglass
Une civilisation qui s'avère incapable de résoudre les problèmes que suscite son fonctionnement est une civilisation décadente. Une civilisation qui choisit de fermer les yeux à ses problèmes les plus cruciaux est une civilisation atteinte. Une civilisation qui ruse avec ses principes est une civilisation moribonde. | Aime Cesaire
Il est temps de mettre à la raison ces nègres qui croient que la Révolution, ça consiste à prendre la place des Blancs et continuer sur le dos des nègres, à faire le Blanc. | Aime Cesaire
Pour nous, le choix est fait. Nous sommes de ceux qui refusent d'oublier. Nous sommes de ceux qui refusent l'amnésie même comme méthode. Il ne s'agit ni d'intégrisme, ni de fondamentalisme, encore moins de puéril nombrilisme. | Aime Cesaire
I feel safe in the midst of my enemies, for the truth is all powerful and will prevail. | Sojourner Truth
Il faut choisir entre le champagne pour quelques-uns et l’eau potable pour tous. | Thomas Sankara
Un peuple conscient ne saurait confier la défense de sa patrie à un groupe d’hommes quelles que soient leurs compétences. Les peuples conscients assument eux|mêmes la défense de leur patrie. | Thomas Sankara
La maladie ne se guérit point en prononçant le nom du médicament, mais en prenant le médicament. | Thomas Sankara
Un militaire sans formation politique, idéologique est un criminel en puissance. | Thomas Sankara
Un vieux assis voit plus loin qu'un jeune debout. | Proverbe burkinabe
D’autres avant moi ont dit, d’autres après moi diront à quel point s’est élargi le fossé entre les peuples nantis et ceux qui n’aspirent qu’à manger à leur faim, boire à leur soif, survivre et conserver leur dignité. Mais nul n’imaginera à quel point le grain du pauvre a nourri chez nous la vache du riche. | Thomas Sankara
On parle du Plan Marshall qui a refait l’Europe économique. Mais l’on ne parle pas du Plan africain qui a permis à l’Europe de faire face aux hordes hitlériennes lorsque leurs économies étaient menacés, leurs stabilités étaient menacées. Qui a sauvé l’Europe ? C’est l’Afrique. On en parle très peu. On parle si peu que nous ne pouvons, nous, être complices de ce silence ingrat. Si les autres ne peuvent pas chanter nos louanges, nous en avons au moins le devoir de dire que nos pères furent courageux et que nos anciens combattants ont sauvé l’Europe et finalement ont permis au monde de se débarrasser du nazisme. | Thomas Sankara
Nous ne pouvons laisser à nos seuls ennemis d’hier et d’aujourd’hui le monopole de la pensée, de l’imagination et de la créativité! | Thomas Sankara
La Révolution démocratique et populaire a besoin d’un peuple de convaincus et non d’un peuple de vaincus, d’un peuple de convaincus et non d’un peuple de soumis qui subissent leur destin. | Thomas Sankara
Vous ne pouvez pas accomplir des changements fondamentaux sans une certaine dose de folie. Dans ce cas précis, cela vient de l’anticonformisme, du courage de tourner le dos aux vieilles formules, du courage d’inventer le futur. Il a fallu les fous d’hier pour que nous soyons capables d’agir avec une extrême clarté aujourd’hui. Je veux être un de ces fous. Nous devons inventer le futur. | Thomas Sankara
Une jeunesse mobilisée est dangereuse, une jeunesse mobilisée est une puissance qui effraye même les bombes atomiques. | Thomas Sankara
Oser lutter, savoir vaincre. | Thomas Sankara
Le système néocolonial tremble quand le peuple devenu maître de sa destinée veut rendre sa justice! | Thomas Sankara
Quand le peuple se met debout, l’impérialisme tremble. | Thomas Sankara
Vivre en révolutionnaire, mourir en révolutionnaire. | Thomas Sankara
La dette c’est encore le néo-colonialisme ou les colonialistes qui se sont transformés en ”assistants techniques“. En fait, nous devrions dire en assassins technique. Et ce sont eux qui nous ont proposé des sources de financement, des ”bailleurs de fonds“. Un terme que l’on emploie chaque jour comme s’il y avait des hommes dont le “bâillement” suffirait à créer le développement chez d’autres. | Thomas Sankara
Nous avons connu les ironies, les insultes, les coups que nous devions subir matin, midi et soir parce que nous étions des nègres. Qui oubliera qu’à un Noir on disait “tu”, non certes comme à un ami, mais parce que le “vous” honorable était réservé aux seuls Blancs ? | Patrice Lumumba
Ni brutalités, ni sévices, ni tortures ne m’ont jamais amené à demander la grâce, car je préfère mourir la tête haute, la foi inébranlable et la confiance profonde dans la destinée de mon pays, plutôt que vivre dans la soumission et le mépris des principes sacrés. L’histoire dira un jour son mot, mais ce ne sera pas l’histoire qu’on enseignera à Bruxelles, Washington, Paris ou aux Nations Unies, mais celle qu’on enseignera dans les pays affranchis du colonialisme et de ses fantoches. L’Afrique écrira sa propre histoire et elle sera au nord et au sud du Sahara une histoire de gloire et de dignité. Ne me pleure pas, ma compagne. Moi je sais que mon pays, qui souffre tant, saura défendre son indépendance et sa liberté. | Patrice Lumumba
Il n'y a pas de revolution sociale veritable que lorsque la femme est liberee | Thomas Sankara
La révolution et la libération des femmes vont de pair. Et ce n’est pas un acte de charité ou un élan d’humanisme que de parler de l’émancipation des femmes. C’est une nécessité fondamentale pour le triomphe de la révolution. Les femmes portent sur elles l’autre moitié du ciel. | Thomas Sankara
Without dignity there is no liberty, without justice there is no dignity, and without independence there are no free men. | Patrice Lumumba
Sans dignité, il n’y a pas de liberté. Sans justice, il n’y a pas de dignité. Et sans indépendance, il n’y a pas d’hommes libres. | Patrice Lumumba
We know that Africa is neither French, nor British, nor American, nor Russian, that it is African. We know the objects of the West. Yesterday they divided us on the level of a tribe, clan and village. They want to create antagonistic blocs, satellites. | Patrice Lumumba
African unity and solidarity are no longer dreams. They must be expressed in decisions. | Patrice Lumumba
Our children may learn about the heroes of the past. Our task is to make ourselves architects of the future. | Jomo Kenyatta
On peut tuer un homme, mais pas ses idées. | Thomas Sankara
Action without thought is empty. Thought without action is blind. | Kwame Nkrumah
Africa needs back its economy, its politics, its culture, its languages and all its patriotic writers | Ngugi wa Thiong’o.
Africa’s story has been written by others; we need to own our problems and solutions and write our story. | Paul Kagame
The seeds of success in every nation on Earth are best planted in women and children. | Joyce Banda
Africa must revert to what it was before the imperialists divided it. These are artificial divisions which we, in our pan-African concept, will seek to remove. | Robert Mugabe
Africa does not need your sympathy or Overseas Development Assistance. Africa needs a fair chance to trade with the rest of the world and amongst ourselves. | John Mahama
Although our countries have gained their political independence, mental decolonization remains to be won. We are convinced that the mental decolonization of our people will enable us to resolve some of the difficulties which oppose us to each other. | Francois Tombalbaye
There is no much sense in building Africa in sovereign States, independent of each other for we know that it is from our union and from it alone, that we shall draw sufficient strength to assert ourselves in the world. | Francois Tombalbaye
If all of us here present are truly animated by the ardent desire to achieve African unity, we must take Africa as it is, and we must renounce any territorial claims, if we do not wish to introduce what we might call black imperialism in Africa. | Modibo Keita
In order to promote and construct a united Africa, we shall gladly conjure up the danger that lurks behind a divided Africa. | Modibo Keita
It’s not a question of survival, it’s a question of trust, we must develop our continent without fear, for the future grows in us. | Agostinho Neto
We have suffered from tribalism, which is not only a Congolese phenomenon, but one which unfortunately occurs in various guises all over the continent and threatens the stability of our States. | Joseph Kasa-Vubu
As you are best placed to know, young people are rarely consulted in meaningful ways during the creation of strategies. Nor are they identified as a major group experiencing unemployment and poverty. Few of the action plans link youth-focused strategies to specific targets and budget outlays or regard the youth situation as a major cross-cutting issue. | Sahle-Work Zewde
I recognize that no society or political order is perfect but we have the duty and obligation to ensure that we are moving toward a less imperfect political order to a more perfect order for all citizens. | Sahle-Work Zewde
If the history of Africa was written by Africans and by women, I think we would find many unsung heroes. | Sahle-Work Zewde
One of the biggest prisons we were afraid of being locked up in , was the jail of ignorance. We had to demand to have access to education. | Andrew Mlangeni
The wheel of progress revolves relentlessly and the nations of the world take their turn at the field glass of destiny. Africa will not retreat, Africa will not compromise, Africa will not relent, Africa will not equivocate, and she will be heard! Remember Africa. | Robert Sobukwe
I wish to make it clear again that we are anti-nobody. We are pro-Africa. We breathe, we dream, we live Africa because Africa and humanity are inseparable. | Robert Sobukwe
Dreams without goals, are just dreams. | Denzel Washington
